Adding support for ipfs large files (#8397)
ethereum/solidity: Changelog.md

Compiler Features:
 * AssemblyStack: Support for source locations (source mappings) and thus debugging Yul sources.
 * Commandline Interface: Enable output of experimental optimized IR via ``--ir-optimized``.

>  * ipfs-hashing: Added support for large files that we need to split in multiple chunks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * Metadata: Added support for IPFS hashes of large files that need to be split in multiple chunks.
```

Reviewer: Also, I think this needs to be moved to 0.6.5

Bugfixes:
 * isoltest: Added new keyword `wei` to express function value in semantic tests
 * Standard-JSON-Interface: Fix a bug related to empty filenames and imports.

>  * ipfs-hashing: Added support for large files that we need to split in multiple chunks.

Reviewer 2: I think this should rather do to the `Compiler Features` section

Author: Moved
